Schindler's List
director：Steven Spielberg
ratings：8.9
despcriptions:In German-occupied Poland during World War II, industrialist <a href="/name/nm0771861">Oskar Schindler</a> gradually becomes concerned for his Jewish workforce after witnessing their persecution by the Nazis.

Goodfellas
director：Martin Scorsese
ratings：8.7
despcriptions:The story of <a href="/name/nm1453737">Henry Hill</a> and his life in the mob, covering his relationship with his wife Karen Hill and his mob partners Jimmy Conway and Tommy DeVito in the Italian-American crime syndicate.

Ayla: The Daughter of War
director：Can Ulkay
ratings：8.5
despcriptions:In 1950, amid-st the ravages of the Korean War, Sergeant Süleyman stumbles upon a half-frozen little girl, with no parents and no help in sight. Frantic, scared and on the verge of death, ...                <a href="/title/tt6316138/plotsummary?ref_=adv_pl"
>See full summary</a>&nbsp;&raquo;


The Intouchables
director：Roman Polanski
ratings：8.5
despcriptions:After he becomes a quadriplegic from a paragliding accident, an aristocrat hires a young man from the projects to be his caregiver.

Dangal
director：Nitesh Tiwari
ratings：8.4
despcriptions:Former wrestler <a href="/name/nm10059137">Mahavir Singh Phogat</a> and his two wrestler daughters struggle towards glory at the Commonwealth Games in the face of societal oppression.

Braveheart
director：Mel Gibson
ratings：8.3
despcriptions:When his secret bride is executed for assaulting an English soldier who tried to rape her, William Wallace begins a revolt against King Edward I of England.

Amadeus
director：Milos Forman
ratings：8.3
despcriptions:The life, success and troubles of <a href="/name/nm0003665">Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart</a>, as told by <a href="/name/nm0758283">Antonio Salieri</a>, the contemporaneous composer who was insanely jealous of Mozart's talent and claimed to have murdered him.

Lawrence of Arabia
director：David Lean
ratings：8.3
despcriptions:The story of <a href="/name/nm0493042">T.E. Lawrence</a>, the English officer who successfully united and led the diverse, often warring, Arab tribes during World War I in order to fight the Turks.

Green Book
director：Peter Farrelly
ratings：8.2
despcriptions:A working-class Italian-American bouncer becomes the driver of an African-American classical pianist on a tour of venues through the 1960s American South.

Bhaag milkha bhaag
director：Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra
ratings：8.2
despcriptions:The truth behind the ascension of <a href="/name/nm2245260">Milkha Singh</a> who was scarred because of the India-Pakistan partition.

Paan Singh Tomar
director：Tigmanshu Dhulia
ratings：8.2
despcriptions:The story of Paan Singh Tomar, an Indian athlete and seven-time national steeplechase champion who becomes one of the most feared dacoits in Chambal Valley after his retirement.

The Wolf of Wall Street
director：Martin Scorsese
ratings：8.2
despcriptions:Based on the true story of <a href="/name/nm0067789">Jordan Belfort</a>, from his rise to a wealthy stock-broker living the high life to his fall involving crime, corruption and the federal government.

Der Untergang
director：Oliver Hirschbiegel
ratings：8.2
despcriptions:<a href="/name/nm0432622">Traudl Junge</a>, the final secretary for <a href="/name/nm0386944">Adolf Hitler</a>, tells of the Nazi dictator's final days in his Berlin bunker at the end of WWII.

A Beautiful Mind
director：Ron Howard
ratings：8.2
despcriptions:After <a href="/name/nm1171285">John Nash</a>, a brilliant but asocial mathematician, accepts secret work in cryptography, his life takes a turn for the nightmarish.

Raging Bull
director：Martin Scorsese
ratings：8.2
despcriptions:The life of boxer <a href="/name/nm0483766">Jake LaMotta</a>, whose violence and temper that led him to the top in the ring destroyed his life outside of it.

The Message
director：Moustapha Akkad
ratings：8.2
despcriptions:This epic historical drama chronicles the life and times of Muhammad and serves as an introduction to early Islamic history.

Andrei Rublev
director：Andrei Tarkovsky
ratings：8.2
despcriptions:The life, times and afflictions of the fifteenth-century Russian iconographer St. Andrei Rublev.

Hacksaw Ridge
director：Mel Gibson
ratings：8.1
despcriptions:World War II American Army Medic <a href="/name/nm3691984">Desmond T. Doss</a>, who served during the Battle of Okinawa, refuses to kill people, and becomes the first man in American history to receive the Medal of Honor without firing a shot.

12 Years a Slave
director：Steve McQueen
ratings：8.1
despcriptions:In the antebellum United States, <a href="/name/nm1185849">Solomon Northup</a>, a free black man from upstate New York, is abducted and sold into slavery.

Rush
director：Ron Howard
ratings：8.1
despcriptions:The merciless 1970s rivalry between Formula One rivals <a href="/name/nm0402481">James Hunt</a> and <a href="/name/nm0484399">Niki Lauda</a>.

Ford v Ferrari
director：James Mangold
ratings：8.1
despcriptions:American car designer <a href="/name/nm0790961">Carroll Shelby</a> and driver <a href="/name/nm10752160">Ken Miles</a> battle corporate interference and the laws of physics to build a revolutionary race car for Ford in order to defeat Ferrari at the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1966.

Spotlight
director：Tom McCarthy
ratings：8.1
despcriptions:The true story of how the Boston Globe uncovered the massive scandal of child molestation and cover-up within the local Catholic Archdiocese, shaking the entire Catholic Church to its core.

Into the Wild
director：Sean Penn
ratings：8.1
despcriptions:After graduating from Emory University, top student and athlete Christopher McCandless abandons his possessions, gives his entire $24,000 savings account to charity and hitchhikes to Alaska to live in the wilderness. Along the way, Christopher encounters a series of characters that shape his life.

Hotel Rwanda
director：Terry George
ratings：8.1
despcriptions:Paul Rusesabagina was a hotel manager who housed over a thousand Tutsi refugees during their struggle against the Hutu militia in Rwanda.

Catch Me If You Can
director：Steven Spielberg
ratings：8.1
despcriptions:A seasoned FBI agent pursues <a href="/name/nm0007646">Frank Abagnale Jr.</a> who, before his 19th birthday, successfully forged millions of dollars' worth of checks while posing as a Pan Am pilot, a doctor, and a legal prosecutor.

In the Name of the Father
director：Jim Sheridan
ratings：8.1
despcriptions:A man's coerced confession to an I.R.A. bombing he did not commit results in the imprisonment of his father as well. An English lawyer fights to free them.

The Elephant Man
director：David Lynch
ratings：8.1
despcriptions:A Victorian surgeon rescues a heavily disfigured man who is mistreated while scraping a living as a side-show freak. Behind his monstrous façade, there is revealed a person of kindness, intelligence and sophistication.

Zerkalo
director：Andrei Tarkovsky
ratings：8.1
despcriptions:A dying man in his forties remembers his past. His childhood, his mother, the war, personal moments and things that tell of the recent history of all the Russian nation.

Inherit the Wind
director：Stanley Kramer
ratings：8.1
despcriptions:Based on a real-life case in 1925, two great lawyers argue the case for and against a science teacher accused of the crime of teaching evolution.

La passion de Jeanne d'Arc
director：Carl Theodor Dreyer
ratings：8.1
despcriptions:In 1431, Jeanne d'Arc is placed on trial on charges of heresy. The ecclesiastical jurists attempt to force Jeanne to recant her claims of holy visions.

Lion
director：Garth Davis
ratings：8
despcriptions:A five-year-old Indian boy is adopted by an Australian couple after getting lost hundreds of kilometers from home. 25 years later, he sets out to find his lost family.

The Imitation Game
director：Morten Tyldum
ratings：8
despcriptions:During World War II, the English mathematical genius <a href="/name/nm6290133">Alan Turing</a> tries to crack the German Enigma code with help from fellow mathematicians.

Bohemian Rhapsody
director：Bryan Singer
ratings：8
despcriptions:The story of the legendary British rock band <a href="/name/nm1277102">Queen</a> and lead singer <a href="/name/nm0006198">Freddie Mercury</a>, leading up to their famous performance at <a href="/title/tt0261024">Live Aid</a> (1985).

The Revenant
director：Alejandro G. Iñárritu
ratings：8
despcriptions:A frontiersman on a fur trading expedition in the 1820s fights for survival after being mauled by a bear and left for dead by members of his own hunting team.

The King's Speech
director：Tom Hooper
ratings：8
despcriptions:The story of <a href="/name/nm0454377">King George VI</a>, his impromptu ascension to the throne of the British Empire in 1936, and the speech therapist who helped the unsure monarch overcome his stammer.

Yip Man
director：Wilson Yip
ratings：8
despcriptions:During the Japanese invasion of 1937, when a wealthy martial artist is forced to leave his home and work to support his family, he reluctantly agrees to train others in the art of Wing Chun for self-defense.

Persepolis
director：Jean-Marc Vallée
ratings：8
despcriptions:A precocious and outspoken Iranian girl grows up during the Islamic Revolution.

The Pursuit of Happyness
director：Gabriele Muccino
ratings：8
despcriptions:A struggling salesman takes custody of his son as he's poised to begin a life-changing professional career.

Le scaphandre et le papillon
director：Julian Schnabel
ratings：8
despcriptions:The true story of Elle editor <a href="/name/nm1568285">Jean-Dominique Bauby</a> who suffers a stroke and has to live with an almost totally paralyzed body; only his left eye isn't paralyzed.

Mar adentro
director：Alejandro Amenábar
ratings：8
despcriptions:The factual story of Spaniard Ramon Sampedro, who fought a thirty-year campaign in favor of euthanasia and his own right to die.

Cinderella Man
director：Ron Howard
ratings：8
despcriptions:The story of James J. Braddock (Russell Crowe), a supposedly washed-up boxer who came back to become a champion and an inspiration in the 1930s.

The Straight Story
director：David Lynch
ratings：8
despcriptions:An old man makes a long journey by lawnmower to mend his relationship with an ill brother.

Gandhi
director：Richard Attenborough
ratings：8
despcriptions:<a href="/name/nm0003987">Mohandas K. Gandhi</a>'s character is fully explained as a man of nonviolence. Through his patience, he is able to drive the British out of the subcontinent. And the stubborn nature of Jinnah and his commitment towards Pakistan is portrayed.

All the President's Men
director：Alan J. Pakula
ratings：8
despcriptions:"The Washington Post" reporters <a href="/name/nm0940908">Bob Woodward</a> and <a href="/name/nm0077012">Carl Bernstein</a> uncover the details of the Watergate scandal that leads to President <a href="/name/nm0633271">Richard Nixon</a>'s resignation.

Dog Day Afternoon
director：Sidney Lumet
ratings：8
despcriptions:A man robs a bank to pay for his lover's operation, which turns into a hostage situation and a media circus.

Papillon
director：Franklin J. Schaffner
ratings：8
despcriptions:A man befriends a fellow criminal as the two of them begin serving their sentence on a dreadful prison island, which inspires the man to plot his escape.

Aguirre, der Zorn Gottes
director：Werner Herzog
ratings：8
despcriptions:In the 16th century, the ruthless and insane Don Lope de Aguirre leads a Spanish expedition in search of El Dorado.

Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid
director：George Roy Hill
ratings：8
despcriptions:Wyoming, early 1900s. Butch Cassidy and The Sundance Kid are the leaders of a band of outlaws. After a train robbery goes wrong they find themselves on the run with a posse hard on their heels. Their solution - escape to Bolivia.

The Sound of Music
director：Robert Wise
ratings：8
despcriptions:A woman leaves an Austrian convent to become a governess to the children of a Naval officer widower.

Straight Outta Compton
director：F. Gary Gray
ratings：7.9
despcriptions:The rap group <a href="/name/nm6397931">NWA</a> emerges from the mean streets of Compton in Los Angeles, California, in the mid-1980s and revolutionizes Hip Hop culture with their music and tales about life in the hood.

The Irishman
director：Martin Scorsese
ratings：7.9
despcriptions:An aging hitman recalls his time with the mob and the intersecting events with his friend, <a href="/name/nm0388735">Jimmy Hoffa</a>, through the 1950-70s.

My Left Foot: The Story of Christy Brown
director：Jim Sheridan
ratings：7.9
despcriptions:<a href="/name/nm0113272">Christy Brown</a>, born with cerebral palsy, learns to paint and write with his only controllable limb - his left foot.

Patton
director：Franklin J. Schaffner
ratings：7.9
despcriptions:The World War II phase of the career of controversial American general <a href="/name/nm0666567">George S. Patton</a>.

The Lion in Winter
director：Anthony Harvey
ratings：7.9
despcriptions:1183 A.D.: King Henry II's three sons all want to inherit the throne, but he won't commit to a choice. They and his wife variously plot to force him.

Spartacus
director：Stanley Kubrick
ratings：7.9
despcriptions:The slave Spartacus leads a violent revolt against the decadent Roman Republic.

Sanju
director：Rajkumar Hirani
ratings：7.8
despcriptions:Sanju is a biopic of the controversial life of actor <a href="/name/nm0004569">Sanjay Dutt</a>: his film career, jail sentence and personal life.

Hidden Figures
director：Theodore Melfi
ratings：7.8
despcriptions:The story of a team of female African-American mathematicians who served a vital role in NASA during the early years of the U.S. space program.

Loving Vincent
director：Matthew Warchus
ratings：7.8
despcriptions:In a story depicted in oil painted animation, a young man comes to the last hometown of painter Vincent van Gogh (Robert Gulaczyk) to deliver the troubled artist's final letter and ends up investigating his final days there.

Kaze tachinu
director：Hayao Miyazaki
ratings：7.8
despcriptions:A look at the life of Jiro Horikoshi, the man who designed Japanese fighter planes during World War II.

The Big Short
director：Adam McKay
ratings：7.8
despcriptions:In 2006-2007 a group of investors bet against the US mortgage market. In their research they discover how flawed and corrupt the market is.

Captain Phillips
director：Paul Greengrass
ratings：7.8
despcriptions:The true story of Captain Richard Phillips and the 2009 hijacking by Somali pirates of the U.S.-flagged MV Maersk Alabama, the first American cargo ship to be hijacked in two hundred years.

The Fighter
director：David O. Russell
ratings：7.8
despcriptions:Based on the story of Micky Ward, a fledgling boxer who tries to escape the shadow of his more famous but troubled older boxing brother and get his own shot at greatness.

American Gangster
director：Ridley Scott
ratings：7.8
despcriptions:An outcast New York City cop is charged with bringing down Harlem drug lord Frank Lucas, whose real life inspired this partly biographical film.

The World's Fastest Indian
director：Roger Donaldson
ratings：7.8
despcriptions:The story of New Zealander Burt Munro (Sir Anthony Hopkins), who spent years rebuilding a 1920 Indian motorcycle, which helped him set the land speed world record at Utah's Bonneville Salt Flats in 1967.

Walk the Line
director：James Mangold
ratings：7.8
despcriptions:A chronicle of country music legend <a href="/name/nm0143599">Johnny Cash</a>'s life, from his early days on an Arkansas cotton farm to his rise to fame with Sun Records in Memphis, where he recorded alongside <a href="/name/nm0000062">Elvis Presley</a>, <a href="/name/nm0507350">Jerry Lee Lewis</a>, and <a href="/name/nm0673897">Carl Perkins</a>.

Diarios de motocicleta
director：Walter Salles
ratings：7.8
despcriptions:The dramatization of a motorcycle road trip Che Guevara went on in his youth that showed him his life's calling.

Remember the Titans
director：Boaz Yakin
ratings：7.8
despcriptions:The true story of a newly appointed African-American coach and his high school team on their first season as a racially integrated unit.

The Insider
director：Michael Mann
ratings：7.8
despcriptions:A research chemist comes under personal and professional attack when he decides to appear in a 60 Minutes (1968) exposé on Big Tobacco.

October Sky
director：Joe Johnston
ratings：7.8
despcriptions:The true story of Homer Hickam, a coal miner's son who was inspired by the first Sputnik launch to take up rocketry against his father's wishes.

Ed Wood
director：Tim Burton
ratings：7.8
despcriptions:Ambitious but troubled movie director <a href="/name/nm0000248">Edward D. Wood Jr.</a> tries his best to fulfill his dreams, despite his lack of talent.

Tombstone
director：Penny Marshall
ratings：7.8
despcriptions:A successful lawman's plans to retire anonymously in Tombstone, Arizona, are disrupted by the kind of outlaws he was famous for eliminating.

Glory
director：Edward Zwick
ratings：7.8
despcriptions:<a href="/name/nm0789946">Robert Gould Shaw</a> leads the U.S. Civil War's first all-black volunteer company, fighting prejudices from both his own Union Army, and the Confederates.

The Killing Fields
director：Roland Joffé
ratings：7.8
despcriptions:A journalist is trapped in Cambodia during tyrant <a href="/name/nm0688749">Pol Pot</a>'s bloody 'Year Zero' cleansing campaign, which claimed the lives of two million 'undesirable' civilians.

The Right Stuff
director：Philip Kaufman
ratings：7.8
despcriptions:The story of the original Mercury 7 astronauts and their macho, seat-of-the-pants approach to the space program.

Bonnie and Clyde
director：Arthur Penn
ratings：7.8
despcriptions:Bored waitress <a href="/name/nm1369634">Bonnie Parker</a> falls in love with an ex-con named <a href="/name/nm1352425">Clyde Barrow</a> and together they start a violent crime spree through the country, stealing cars and robbing banks.

M.S. Dhoni: The Untold Story
director：Neeraj Pandey
ratings：7.7
despcriptions:The untold story of <a href="/name/nm2605014">Mahendra Singh Dhoni</a>'s journey from ticket collector to trophy collector - the world-cup-winning captain of the Indian Cricket Team.

The Theory of Everything
director：James Marsh
ratings：7.7
despcriptions:A look at the relationship between the famous physicist <a href="/name/nm0370071">Stephen Hawking</a> and his wife.

The Social Network
director：David Fincher
ratings：7.7
despcriptions:As Harvard student <a href="/name/nm3212916">Mark Zuckerberg</a> creates the social networking site that would become known as Facebook, he is sued by the twins who claimed he stole their idea, and by the co-founder who was later squeezed out of the business.

Argo
director：Ben Affleck
ratings：7.7
despcriptions:Acting under the cover of a Hollywood producer scouting a location for a science fiction film, a CIA agent launches a dangerous operation to rescue six Americans in Tehran during the U.S. hostage crisis in Iran in 1979.

Frost/Nixon
director：Ron Howard
ratings：7.7
despcriptions:A dramatic retelling of the post-Watergate television interviews between British talk-show host <a href="/name/nm0296484">David Frost</a> and former president <a href="/name/nm0633271">Richard Nixon</a>.

Changeling
director：Clint Eastwood
ratings：7.7
despcriptions:Grief-stricken mother Christine Collins (Angelina Jolie) takes on the L.A.P.D. to her own detriment when it tries to pass off an obvious impostor as her missing child.

The Last King of Scotland
director：Kevin Macdonald
ratings：7.7
despcriptions:Based on the events of the brutal Ugandan dictator <a href="/name/nm0024907">Idi Amin</a>'s regime as seen by his personal physician during the 1970s.

Control
director：Anton Corbijn
ratings：7.7
despcriptions:A profile of <a href="/name/nm0193350">Ian Curtis</a>, the enigmatic singer of <a href="/name/nm1920312">Joy Division</a> whose personal, professional, and romantic troubles led him to commit suicide at the age of 23.

Ray
director：Taylor Hackford
ratings：7.7
despcriptions:The story of the life and career of the legendary rhythm and blues musician <a href="/name/nm0153124">Ray Charles</a>, from his humble beginnings in the South, where he went blind at age seven, to his meteoric rise to stardom during the 1950s and 1960s.

Finding Neverland
director：Marc Forster
ratings：7.7
despcriptions:The story of Sir <a href="/name/nm0057381">J.M. Barrie</a>'s friendship with a family who inspired him to create Peter Pan.

Donnie Brasco
director：Mike Newell
ratings：7.7
despcriptions:An FBI undercover agent infiltrates the mob and finds himself identifying more with the mafia life, at the expense of his regular one.

Shine
director：Scott Hicks
ratings：7.7
despcriptions:Pianist David Helfgott, driven by his father and teachers, has a breakdown. Years later he returns to the piano, to popular if not critical acclaim.

Il postino
director：Spike Lee
ratings：7.7
despcriptions:A simple Italian postman learns to love poetry while delivering mail to a famous poet, and then uses this to woo local beauty Beatrice.

The Last Emperor
director：Bernardo Bertolucci
ratings：7.7
despcriptions:The story of the final Emperor of China.

Serpico
director：Sidney Lumet
ratings：7.7
despcriptions:An honest New York cop named Frank Serpico blows the whistle on rampant corruption in the force only to have his comrades turn against him.

A Man for All Seasons
director：Fred Zinnemann
ratings：7.7
despcriptions:The story of Sir Thomas More, who stood up to King Henry VIII when the King rejected the Roman Catholic Church to obtain a divorce and remarry.

The Favourite
director：Yorgos Lanthimos
ratings：7.6
despcriptions:In early 18th century England, a frail Queen Anne occupies the throne and her close friend, Lady Sarah, governs the country in her stead. When a new servant, Abigail, arrives, her charm endears her to Sarah.

Only the Brave
director：Joseph Kosinski
ratings：7.6
despcriptions:Based on the true story of the Granite Mountain Hotshots, a group of elite firefighters who risk everything to protect a town from a historic wildfire.

Philomena
director：Stephen Frears
ratings：7.6
despcriptions:A world-weary political journalist picks up the story of a woman's search for her son, who was taken away from her decades ago after she became pregnant and was forced to live in a convent.

127 Hours
director：Danny Boyle
ratings：7.6
despcriptions:A mountain climber becomes trapped under a boulder while canyoneering alone near Moab, Utah and resorts to desperate measures in order to survive.

The Greatest Showman
director：Michael Gracey
ratings：7.6
despcriptions:Celebrates the birth of show business and tells of a visionary who rose from nothing to create a spectacle that became a worldwide sensation.

Moneyball
director：Bennett Miller
ratings：7.6
despcriptions:Oakland A's general manager Billy Beane's successful attempt to assemble a baseball team on a lean budget by employing computer-generated analysis to acquire new players.

Hunger
director：Steve McQueen
ratings：7.6
despcriptions:Irish republican Bobby Sands leads the inmates of a Northern Irish prison in a hunger strike.

The Blind Side
director：John Lee Hancock
ratings：7.6
despcriptions:The story of Michael Oher, a homeless and traumatized boy who became an All-American football player and first-round NFL draft pick with the help of a caring woman and her family.

La Vie En Rose
director：Olivier Dahan
ratings：7.6
despcriptions:Biopic of the iconic French singer <a href="/name/nm0681191">Édith Piaf</a>. Raised by her grandmother in a brothel, she was discovered while singing on a street corner at the age of 19. Despite her success, Piaf's life was filled with tragedy.

Huo Yuan Jia
director：Ronny Yu
ratings：7.6
despcriptions:A biography of Chinese Martial Arts Master Huo Yuanjia, who is the founder and spiritual guru of the Jin Wu Sports Federation.

The Great Debaters
director：Denzel Washington
ratings：7.6
despcriptions:A drama based on the true story of Melvin B. Tolson, a professor at Wiley College Texas. In 1935, he inspired students to form the school's first debate team, which went on to challenge Harvard in the national championship.

Sophie Scholl - Die letzten Tage
director：Marc Rothemund
ratings：7.6
despcriptions:A dramatization of the final days of Sophie Scholl, one of the most famous members of the German World War II anti-Nazi resistance movement, The White Rose.

Blow
director：Ted Demme
ratings：7.6
despcriptions:The story of how George Jung, along with the Medellín Cartel headed by Pablo Escobar, established the American cocaine market in the 1970s in the United States.

The Hurricane
director：Norman Jewison
ratings：7.6
despcriptions:The story of Rubin "Hurricane" Carter, a boxer wrongly imprisoned for murder, and the people who aided in his fight to prove his innocence.

Chaplin
director：Richard Attenborough
ratings：7.6
despcriptions:A film about the troubled and controversial life of the master comedy filmmaker <a href="/name/nm0000122">Charles Chaplin</a>.

Escape from Alcatraz
director：Don Siegel
ratings：7.6
despcriptions:Alcatraz is the most secure prison of its time. It is believed that no one can ever escape from it, until three daring men make a possible successful attempt at escaping from one of the most infamous prisons in the world.

Midnight Express
director：Alan Parker
ratings：7.6
despcriptions:<a href="/name/nm0370907">Billy Hayes</a>, an American college student, is caught smuggling drugs out of Turkey and thrown into prison.

BlacKkKlansman
director：Spike Lee
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:<a href="/name/nm9259302">Ron Stallworth</a>, an African American police officer from Colorado Springs, CO, successfully manages to infiltrate the local Ku Klux Klan branch with the help of a Jewish surrogate who eventually becomes its leader. Based on actual events.

I, Tonya
director：Craig Gillespie
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:Competitive ice skater <a href="/name/nm0002125">Tonya Harding</a> rises amongst the ranks at the U.S. Figure Skating Championships, but her future in the activity is thrown into doubt when her ex-husband intervenes.

Richard Jewell
director：Clint Eastwood
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:American security guard <a href="/name/nm0422446">Richard Jewell</a> saves thousands of lives from an exploding bomb at the 1996 Olympics, but is vilified by journalists and the press who falsely reported that he was a terrorist.

Trumbo
director：Jay Roach
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:In 1947, <a href="/name/nm0874308">Dalton Trumbo</a> was Hollywood's top screenwriter, until he and other artists were jailed and blacklisted for their political beliefs.

Fruitvale Station
director：Ryan Coogler
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:The story of Oscar Grant III, a 22-year-old Bay Area resident, who crosses paths with friends, enemies, family, and strangers on the last day of 2008.

Saving Mr. Banks
director：John Lee Hancock
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:Author <a href="/name/nm0871308">P.L. Travers</a> reflects on her childhood after reluctantly meeting with <a href="/name/nm0000370">Walt Disney</a>, who seeks to adapt her Mary Poppins books for the big screen.

Yip Man 2
director：Wilson Yip
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:Centering on Ip Man's migration to Hong Kong in 1949 as he attempts to propagate his discipline of Wing Chun martial arts.

En kongelig affære
director：Nikolaj Arcel
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:A young queen, who is married to an insane king, falls secretly in love with her physician - and together they start a revolution that changes a nation forever.

L'instinct de mort
director：Jean-François Richet
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:The story of french gangster Jacques Mesrine, before he was called Public Enemy N°1.

The Damned United
director：Tom Hooper
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:The story of the controversial <a href="/name/nm1101544">Brian Clough</a>'s 44-day reign as the coach of the English football club Leeds United.

Lone Survivor
director：Peter Berg
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:Marcus Luttrell and his team set out on a mission to capture or kill notorious Taliban leader Ahmad Shah, in late June 2005. Marcus and his team are left to fight for their lives in one of the most valiant efforts of modern warfare.

Selma
director：Ava DuVernay
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:A chronicle of Dr. <a href="/name/nm0455052">Martin Luther King</a>, Jr.'s campaign to secure equal voting rights via an epic march from Selma to Montgomery, Alabama, in 1965.

Milk
director：Gus Van Sant
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:The story of <a href="/name/nm0587548">Harvey Milk</a>, and his struggles as an American gay activist who fought for gay rights and became California's first openly gay elected official.

Freedom Writers
director：Richard LaGravenese
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:A young teacher inspires her class of at-risk students to learn tolerance, apply themselves and pursue education beyond high school.

42
director：Brian Helgeland
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:In 1947, <a href="/name/nm0732697">Jackie Robinson</a> becomes the first African-American to play in Major League Baseball in the modern era when he was signed by the Brooklyn Dodgers and faces considerable racism in the process.

The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford
director：Andrew Dominik
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:Robert Ford, who's idolized Jesse James since childhood, tries hard to join the reforming gang of the Missouri outlaw, but gradually becomes resentful of the bandit leader.

L'ennemi public n°1
director：Jean-François Richet
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:The story of notorious French gangster Jacques Mesrine.

Miracle
director：Gavin O'Connor
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:The true story of Herb Brooks, the player-turned-coach who led the 1980 U.S. Olympic hockey team to victory over the seemingly invincible Soviet squad.

The Aviator
director：Martin Scorsese
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:A biopic depicting the early years of legendary Director and aviator <a href="/name/nm0400652">Howard Hughes</a>' career from the late 1920s to the mid 1940s.

Boys Don't Cry
director：Kimberly Peirce
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:A young man named Brandon Teena navigates love, life, and being transgender in rural Nebraska.

Quiz Show
director：Robert Redford
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:A young lawyer, Richard Goodwin, investigates a potentially fixed game show. Charles Van Doren, a big time show winner, is under Goodwin's investigation.

Rudy
director：David Anspaugh
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:Rudy has always been told that he was too small to play college football. But he is determined to overcome the odds and fulfill his dream of playing for Notre Dame.

Henry V
director：Kenneth Branagh
ratings：7.5
despcriptions:In the midst of the Hundred Years War, the young King Henry V of England (Sir Kenneth Branagh) embarks on the conquest of France in 1415.

Darkest Hour
director：Joe Wright
ratings：7.4
despcriptions:In May 1940, the fate of Europe hangs on British Prime Minister <a href="/name/nm0161476">Winston Churchill</a>, who must decide whether to negotiate with <a href="/name/nm0386944">Adolf Hitler</a>, or fight on knowing that it could mean a humiliating defeat for Britain and its empire.

Molly's Game
director：Aaron Sorkin
ratings：7.4
despcriptions:The true story of Molly Bloom, an Olympic-class skier who ran the world's most exclusive high-stakes poker game and became an FBI target.

The Disaster Artist
director：James Franco
ratings：7.4
despcriptions:When <a href="/name/nm0802995">Greg Sestero</a>, an aspiring film actor, meets the weird and mysterious <a href="/name/nm1382072">Tommy Wiseau</a> in an acting class, they form a unique friendship and travel to Hollywood to make their dreams come true.

Sully
director：Clint Eastwood
ratings：7.4
despcriptions:The story of Chesley "Sully" Sullenberger (Tom Hanks), an American pilot who became a hero after landing his damaged plane on the Hudson River in order to save the flight's passengers and crew.

The Good Lie
director：Philippe Falardeau
ratings：7.4
despcriptions:A group of Sudanese refugees, given the chance to resettle in the U.S., arrive in Kansas City, Missouri, where their encounter with an employment agency counselor forever changes all of their lives.

McFarland, USA
director：Niki Caro
ratings：7.4
despcriptions:Jim White moves his family after losing his last job as a football coach. He sees that some of the students are worth starting a cross-country team and turns seven students with no hope into one of the best cross-country teams.

Eddie the Eagle
director：Dexter Fletcher
ratings：7.4
despcriptions:The story of Eddie Edwards, the notoriously tenacious British underdog ski jumper who charmed the world at the 1988 Winter Olympics.

Love & Mercy
director：Bill Pohlad
ratings：7.4
despcriptions:In the 1960s, Beach Boys leader Brian Wilson struggles with emerging psychosis as he attempts to craft his avant-garde pop masterpiece. In the 1980s, he is a broken, confused man under the 24-hour watch of shady therapist Dr. Eugene Landy.

Der Baader Meinhof Komplex
director：Uli Edel
ratings：7.4
despcriptions:A look at Germany's terrorist group, The Red Army Faction (RAF), which organized bombings, robberies, kidnappings and assassinations in the late 1960s and '70s.

Good Night, and Good Luck.
director：George Clooney
ratings：7.4
despcriptions:Broadcast journalist <a href="/name/nm0615386">Edward R. Murrow</a> looks to bring down Senator <a href="/name/nm0565191">Joseph McCarthy</a>.

The Greatest Game Ever Played
director：Bill Paxton
ratings：7.4
despcriptions:In the 1913 US Open, 20-year-old Francis Ouimet played golf against his idol, 1900 US Open champion, Englishman Harry Vardon.

American Splendor
director：Phillip Noyce
ratings：7.4
despcriptions:An original mix of fiction and reality illuminates the life of comic book hero everyman <a href="/name/nm0670688">Harvey Pekar</a>.

Elizabeth
director：Shekhar Kapur
ratings：7.4
despcriptions:The early years of the reign of Elizabeth I of England and her difficult task of learning what is necessary to be a monarch.

Man on the Moon
director：Milos Forman
ratings：7.4
despcriptions:The life and career of legendary comedian <a href="/name/nm0001412">Andy Kaufman</a>.

Gods and Monsters
director：Bill Condon
ratings：7.4
despcriptions:The last days of <a href="/title/tt0021884">Frankenstein</a> (1931) Director <a href="/name/nm0001843">James Whale</a> are explored.

Frida
director：Julie Taymor
ratings：7.4
despcriptions:A biography of artist <a href="/name/nm1085710">Frida Kahlo</a>, who channeled the pain of a crippling injury and her tempestuous marriage into her work.

Searching for Bobby Fischer
director：Steven Zaillian
ratings：7.4
despcriptions:A prepubescent chess prodigy refuses to harden himself in order to become a champion like the famous but unlikable Bobby Fischer.

Dolemite Is My Name
director：Craig Brewer
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:<a href="/name/nm0000552">Eddie Murphy</a> portrays real-life legend <a href="/name/nm0601834">Rudy Ray Moore</a>, a comedy and rap pioneer who proved naysayers wrong when his hilarious, obscene, kung-fu fighting alter ego, Dolemite, became a 1970s Blaxploitation phenomenon.

The King
director：David Michôd
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:Hal, wayward prince and heir to the English throne, is crowned King Henry V after his tyrannical father dies. Now the young king must navigate palace politics, the war his father left behind, and the emotional strings of his past life.

Snowden
director：Oliver Stone
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:The NSA's illegal surveillance techniques are leaked to the public by one of the agency's employees, <a href="/name/nm5722984">Edward Snowden</a>, in the form of thousands of classified documents distributed to the press.

A Street Cat Named Bob
director：Roger Spottiswoode
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:Based on the international best selling book. The true feel good story of how James Bowen, a busker and recovering drug addict, had his life transformed when he met a stray ginger cat.

The Walk
director：Robert Zemeckis
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:In 1974, high-wire artist Philippe Petit recruits a team of people to help him realize his dream: to walk the immense void between the World Trade Center towers.

The End of the Tour
director：James Ponsoldt
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:The story of the five-day interview between Rolling Stone reporter David Lipsky and acclaimed novelist David Foster Wallace, which took place right after the 1996 publication of Wallace's groundbreaking epic novel, 'Infinite Jest.'

A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood
director：Marielle Heller
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:Based on the true story of a real-life friendship between <a href="/name/nm0736872">Fred Rogers</a> and journalist Lloyd Vogel.

Woman in Gold
director：Simon Curtis
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:Maria Altmann, an octogenarian Jewish refugee, takes on the Austrian government to recover artwork she believes rightfully belongs to her family.

Belle
director：Amma Asante
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:The mixed-race daughter, Dido Elizabeth Belle (Gugu Mbatha-Raw), of Royal Navy Captain Sir John Lindsay (Matthew Goode) is raised by aristocratic Great-uncle Lord William Murray, 1st Earl of Mansfield (Tom Wilkinson) in eighteenth century England.

American Sniper
director：Clint Eastwood
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:Navy S.E.A.L. sniper Chris Kyle's (Bradley Cooper's) pinpoint accuracy saves countless lives on the battlefield and turns him into a legend. Back home to his wife and kids after four tours of duty, however, Chris finds that it is the war he can't leave behind.

Rocketman
director：Dexter Fletcher
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:A musical fantasy about the fantastical human story of <a href="/name/nm0005056">Elton John</a>'s breakthrough years.

Beautiful Boy
director：Felix van Groeningen
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:Based on the best-selling pair of memoirs from father and son David and Nic Sheff, Beautiful Boy chronicles the heartbreaking and inspiring experience of survival, relapse and recovery in a family coping with addiction over many years.

First Man
director：Damien Chazelle
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:A look at the life of the astronaut, <a href="/name/nm0035842">Neil Armstrong</a>, and the legendary space mission that led him to become the first man to walk on the Moon on July 20, 1969.

Invictus
director：Clint Eastwood
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:<a href="/name/nm0541691">Nelson Mandela</a>, in his first term as President of South Africa, initiates a unique venture to unite the Apartheid-torn land: enlist the national rugby team on a mission to win the 1995 Rugby World Cup.

Max Manus
director：Jean-Marc Vallée
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:The true story about one of the most brilliant saboteurs during World War II and his battle to overcome his inner demons.

An American Crime
director：Tommy O'Haver
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:The true story of suburban housewife Gertrude Baniszewski, who kept a teenage girl locked in the basement of her Indiana home during the 1960s.

Rescue Dawn
director：Werner Herzog
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:A U.S. fighter pilot's epic struggle of survival after being shot down on a mission over Laos during the Vietnam War.

Lincoln
director：Steven Spielberg
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:As the American Civil War continues to rage, America's president struggles with continuing carnage on the battlefield as he fights with many inside his own cabinet on the decision to emancipate the slaves.

The Queen
director：Stephen Frears
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:After the death of <a href="/name/nm0697740">Princess Diana</a>, <a href="/name/nm0703070">Queen Elizabeth II</a> struggles with her reaction to a sequence of events nobody could have predicted.

Coach Carter
director：Thomas Carter
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:Controversy surrounds high school basketball coach Ken Carter after he benches his entire team for breaking their academic contract with him.

Capote
director：Bennett Miller
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:In 1959, <a href="/name/nm0001986">Truman Capote</a> learns of the murder of a Kansas family and decides to write a book about the case. While researching for his novel In Cold Blood, Capote forms a relationship with one of the killers, Perry Smith, who is on death row.

Monster
director：Patty Jenkins
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:Based on the life of <a href="/name/nm0943368">Aileen Wuornos</a>, a Daytona Beach prostitute who became a serial killer.

24 Hour Party People
director：Michael Winterbottom
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:In 1976, Tony Wilson sets up Factory Records and brings Manchester's music to the world.

Erin Brockovich
director：Steven Soderbergh
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:An unemployed single mother becomes a legal assistant and almost single-handedly brings down a California power company accused of polluting a city's water supply.

Quills
director：Philip Kaufman
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:In a Napoleonic era insane asylum, an inmate, the irrepressible Marquis De Sade, fights a battle of wills against a tyrannically prudish doctor.

Girl, Interrupted
director：James Mangold
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:Based on writer Susanna Kaysen's account of her 18-month stay at a mental hospital in the late 1960s.

Antwone Fisher
director：Denzel Washington
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:Antwone Fisher, a young navy man, is forced to see a psychiatrist after a violent outburst against a fellow crewman. During the course of treatment a painful past is revealed and a new hope begins.

Amistad
director：Steven Spielberg
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:In 1839, the revolt of Mende captives aboard a Spanish owned ship causes a major controversy in the United States when the ship is captured off the coast of Long Island. The courts must decide whether the Mende are slaves or legally free.

The People vs. Larry Flynt
director：Milos Forman
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:The story of a controversial pornography publisher and how he became a defender of free speech.

The Basketball Diaries
director：Scott Kalvert
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:A teenager finds his dreams of becoming a basketball star threatened after he free falls into the harrowing world of drug addiction.

Heavenly Creatures
director：Peter Jackson
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:Two teenage girls share a unique bond; their parents, concerned that the friendship is too intense, separate them, and the girls take revenge.

This Boy's Life
director：Michael Caton-Jones
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:The story about the relationship between a rebellious 1950s teenager and his abusive stepfather, based on the memoirs of writer and literature Professor Tobias Wolff.

Good Morning, Vietnam
director：Barry Levinson
ratings：7.3
despcriptions:In 1965, an unorthodox and irreverent DJ named <a href="/name/nm0188686">Adrian Cronauer</a> begins to shake up things when he is assigned to the U.S. Armed Services radio station in Vietnam.

The Post
director：Steven Spielberg
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:A cover-up that spanned four U.S. Presidents pushed the country's first female newspaper publisher and a hard-driving editor to join an unprecedented battle between the press and the government.

Vice
director：Adam McKay
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:The story of <a href="/name/nm0155515">Dick Cheney</a>, an unassuming bureaucratic Washington insider, who quietly wielded immense power as Vice President to <a href="/name/nm0124133">George W. Bush</a>, reshaping the country and the globe in ways that we still feel today.

Papillon
director：Michael Noer
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:Wrongfully convicted for murder, Henri Charriere forms an unlikely relationship with fellow inmate and quirky convicted counterfeiter Louis Dega, in an attempt to escape from the notorious penal colony on Devil's Island.

The Founder
director：John Lee Hancock
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:The story of <a href="/name/nm4669566">Ray Kroc</a>, a salesman who turned two brothers' innovative fast food eatery, McDonald's, into the biggest restaurant business in the world, with a combination of ambition, persistence, and ruthlessness.

Anthropoid
director：Sean Ellis
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:Based on the extraordinary true story of Operation Anthropoid, the WWII mission to assassinate SS General Reinhard Heydrich, the main architect behind the Final Solution and the Reich's third in command after Hitler and Himmler.

The Siege of Jadotville
director：Richie Smyth
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:Irish Commandant Pat Quinlan leads a stand off with troops against French and Belgian Mercenaries in the Congo during the early 1960s.

Stan & Ollie
director：Jon S. Baird
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:Laurel and Hardy, the world's most famous comedy duo, attempt to reignite their film careers as they embark on what becomes their swan song - a grueling theatre tour of post-war Britain.

Tracks
director：John Curran
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:A young woman goes on a 1,700-mile trek across the deserts of West Australia with four camels and her faithful dog.

Steve Jobs
director：Danny Boyle
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:<a href="/name/nm0423418">Steve Jobs</a> takes us behind the scenes of the digital revolution, to paint a portrait of the man at its epicenter. The story unfolds backstage at three iconic product launches, ending in 1998 with the unveiling of the iMac.

The Sessions
director：Ben Lewin
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:A man in an iron lung who wishes to lose his virginity contacts a professional sex surrogate with the help of his therapist and priest.

Unbroken
director：Angelina Jolie
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:After a near-fatal plane crash in WWII, Olympian Louis Zamperini spends a harrowing 47 days in a raft with two fellow crewmen before he's caught by the Japanese navy and sent to a prisoner-of-war camp.

Kon-Tiki
director：Lee Daniels
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:Legendary explorer Thor Heyerdal's epic 4,300-mile crossing of the Pacific on a balsawood raft in 1947, in an effort to prove that it was possible for South Americans to settle in Polynesia in pre-Columbian times.

Conviction
director：Tony Goldwyn
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:A working mother puts herself through law school in an effort to represent her brother, who has been wrongfully convicted of murder and has exhausted his chances to appeal his conviction through public defenders.

Agora
director：Alejandro Amenábar
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:A historical drama set in Roman Egypt, concerning a slave who turns to the rising tide of Christianity in the hope of pursuing freedom while falling in love with his mistress, the philosophy and mathematics professor Hypatia of Alexandria.

Secretariat
director：Randall Wallace
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:Penny Chenery Tweedy and colleagues guide her long-shot but precocious stallion to set, in 1973, the unbeaten record for winning the Triple Crown.

Che: Part One
director：Steven Soderbergh
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:In 1956, Ernesto 'Che' Guevara and a band of Castro-led Cuban exiles mobilize an army to topple the regime of dictator Fulgencio Batista.

The Man Who Knew Infinity
director：Matt Brown
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:The story of the life and academic career of the pioneer Indian mathematician, Srinivasa Ramanujan, and his friendship with his mentor, Professor G.H. Hardy.

Mongol
director：Sergei Bodrov
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:The story recounts the early life of Genghis Khan who was a slave before going on to conquer half the world in 1206.

Glory Road
director：James Gartner
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:In 1966, Texas Western coach Don Haskins led the first all-black starting line-up for a college basketball team to the NCAA national championship.

Chopper
director：Andrew Dominik
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:Chopper tells the intense story of Mark "Chopper" Read, a legendary criminal who wrote his autobiography while serving a jail sentence in prison. His book, "From the Inside", upon which the film is based, was a best-seller.

Men of Honor
director：George Tillman Jr.
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:The story of Carl Brashear, the first African-American U.S. Navy Diver, and the man who trained him.

Michael Collins
director：Neil Jordan
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:Neil Jordan's historical biopic of Irish revolutionary <a href="/name/nm0172543">Michael Collins</a>, the man who led a guerrilla war against the UK, helped negotiate the creation of the Irish Free State, and led the National Army during the Irish Civil War.

The Doors
director：Oliver Stone
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:The story of the famous and influential 1960s rock band <a href="/name/nm1401980">The Doors</a> and its lead singer and composer, <a href="/name/nm0607186">Jim Morrison</a>, from his days as a UCLA film student in Los Angeles, to his untimely death in Paris, France at age 27 in 1971.

Born on the Fourth of July
director：Oliver Stone
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:The biography of <a href="/name/nm0468407">Ron Kovic</a>. Paralyzed in the Vietnam war, he becomes an anti-war and pro-human rights political activist after feeling betrayed by the country he fought for.

Out of Africa
director：Sydney Pollack
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:In 20th-century colonial Kenya, a Danish baroness/plantation owner has a passionate love affair with a free-spirited big-game hunter.

Chariots of Fire
director：Hugh Hudson
ratings：7.2
despcriptions:Two British track athletes, one a determined Jew, and the other a devout Christian, compete in the 1924 Olympics.

Fighting with My Family
director：Stephen Merchant
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:A former wrestler and his family make a living performing at small venues around the country while his kids dream of joining World Wrestling Entertainment.

Can You Ever Forgive Me?
director：Marielle Heller
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:When Lee Israel falls out of step with current tastes, she turns her art form to deception.

Colonia
director：Florian Gallenberger
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:A young woman's desperate search for her abducted boyfriend draws her into the infamous Colonia Dignidad, a sect nobody has ever escaped from.

American Made
director：Doug Liman
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:The story of Barry Seal, an American pilot who became a drug-runner for the CIA in the 1980s in a clandestine operation that would be exposed as the Iran-Contra Affair.

Race
director：Stephen Hopkins
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:Jesse Owens' quest to become the greatest track and field athlete in history thrusts him onto the world stage of the 1936 Olympics, where he faces off against Adolf Hitler's vision of Aryan supremacy.

Concussion
director：Peter Landesman
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:In Pittsburgh, accomplished pathologist Dr. Bennet Omalu uncovers the truth about brain damage in football players who suffer repeated concussions in the course of normal play.

Yip Man 3
director：Wilson Yip
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:When a band of brutal gangsters led by a crooked property developer make a play to take over a local school, Master Ip is forced to take a stand.

Everest
director：Baltasar Kormákur
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:The story of New Zealand's Robert "Rob" Edwin Hall, who on May 10, 1996, together with Scott Fischer, teamed up on a joint expedition to ascend Mount Everest.

The Glass Castle
director：Destin Daniel Cretton
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:A young girl comes of age in a dysfunctional family of nonconformist nomads with a mother who's an eccentric artist and an alcoholic father who would stir the children's imagination with hope as a distraction to their poverty.

Wild
director：Jean-Marc Vallée
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:A chronicle of one woman's one thousand one hundred mile solo hike undertaken as a way to recover from a recent personal tragedy.

Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom
director：Justin Chadwick
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:A chronicle of Nelson Mandela's life journey from his childhood in a rural village through to his inauguration as the first democratically elected president of South Africa.

The Railway Man
director：Jonathan Teplitzky
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:A former British Army officer, who was tortured as a prisoner of war at a Japanese labor camp during World War II, discovers that the man responsible for much of his treatment is still alive and sets out to confront him.

War Dogs
director：Todd Phillips
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:Loosely based on the true story of two young men, David Packouz and Efraim Diveroli, who won a three hundred million dollar contract from the Pentagon to arm America's allies in Afghanistan.

Yip Man chin chyun
director：Herman Yau
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:Yip Man's resistance against invading foreigners, along with his romantic relations while under the tutelage of three Wing Chun masters.

Kill the Irishman
director：Jonathan Hensleigh
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:The true story of Danny Greene, a tough Irish thug working for mobsters in Cleveland during the 1970's.

The Devil's Double
director：Lee Tamahori
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:A chilling vision of the House of Saddam Hussein comes to life through the eyes of the man who was forced to become the double of Hussein's sadistic son.

Nowhere Boy
director：Sam Taylor-Johnson
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:A chronicle of <a href="/name/nm0006168">John Lennon</a>'s first years, focused mainly in his adolescence and his relationship with his stern aunt Mimi, who raised him, and his absentee mother Julia, who re-entered his life at a crucial moment in his young life.

Bronson
director：Nicolas Winding Refn
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:A young man who was sentenced to seven years in prison for robbing a post office ends up spending three decades in solitary confinement. During this time, his own personality is supplanted by his alter-ego, Charles Bronson.

The Whistleblower
director：Larysa Kondracki
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:A drama based on the experiences of Kathryn Bolkovac, a Nebraska cop who served as a peacekeeper in post-war Bosnia and outed the U.N. for covering up a sex trafficking scandal.

The Danish Girl
director：Tom Hooper
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:A fictitious love story loosely inspired by the lives of Danish artists Lili Elbe and Gerda Wegener. Lili and Gerda's marriage and work evolve as they navigate Lili's groundbreaking journey as a transgender pioneer.

Invincible
director：Ericson Core
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:Based on the story of Vince Papale, a 30-year-old bartender from South Philadelphia who overcame long odds to play for the NFL's Philadelphia Eagles in 1976.

Becoming Jane
director：Julian Jarrold
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:A biographical portrait of a pre-fame <a href="/name/nm0000807">Jane Austen</a> and her romance with a young Irishman.

Lords of Dogtown
director：Catherine Hardwicke
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:The film follows the surf and skateboarding trends that originated in Venice, California during the 1970's.

Seven Years in Tibet
director：Jean-Jacques Annaud
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:True story of Heinrich Harrer, an Austrian mountain climber who became friends with the Dalai Lama at the time of China's takeover of Tibet.

Nixon
director：Oliver Stone
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:A biographical story of former U.S. President <a href="/name/nm0633271">Richard Nixon</a>, from his days as a young boy, to his eventual Presidency, which ended in shame.

Alive
director：Frank Marshall
ratings：7.1
despcriptions:A Uruguayan rugby team stranded in the snow swept Andes are forced to use desperate measures to survive after a plane crash.

American Animals
director：Bart Layton
ratings：7
despcriptions:Four young men mistake their lives for a movie and attempt one of the most audacious heists in U.S. history.

Loving
director：Jeff Nichols
ratings：7
despcriptions:The story of Richard and Mildred Loving, a couple whose arrest for interracial marriage in 1960s Virginia began a legal battle that would end with the Supreme Court's historic 1967 decision.

Danny Collins
director：Dan Fogelman
ratings：7
despcriptions:An aging rock star decides to change his life when he discovers a 40-year-old letter written to him by <a href="/name/nm0006168">John Lennon</a>.

The Zookeeper's Wife
director：Niki Caro
ratings：7
despcriptions:Keepers of the Warsaw Zoo, Antonina and Jan Zabinski, must save hundreds of people and animals during the Nazi invasion in WWII Poland.

My Week with Marilyn
director：Simon Curtis
ratings：7
despcriptions:Colin Clark, an employee of Sir <a href="/name/nm0000059">Laurence Olivier</a>, documents the tense interaction between Olivier and <a href="/name/nm0000054">Marilyn Monroe</a> during the production of <a href="/title/tt0050861">The Prince and the Showgirl</a> (1957).

Million Dollar Arm
director：Craig Gillespie
ratings：7
despcriptions:A sports agent stages an unconventional recruitment strategy to get talented Indian cricket players to play Major League Baseball.

Soul Surfer
director：Sean McNamara
ratings：7
despcriptions:Teenage surfer Bethany Hamilton overcomes the odds and her own fears of returning to the water after losing her left arm in a shark attack.

Pawn Sacrifice
director：Edward Zwick
ratings：7
despcriptions:Set during the Cold War, American chess prodigy Bobby Fischer finds himself caught between two superpowers and his own struggles as he challenges the Soviet Empire.

The Infiltrator
director：Brad Furman
ratings：7
despcriptions:A U.S. Customs official uncovers a money laundering scheme involving Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar.

Behind the Candelabra
director：Steven Soderbergh
ratings：7
despcriptions:A chronicle of the tempestuous six-year romance between megastar singer <a href="/name/nm0508766">Liberace</a> and his young lover <a href="/name/nm1281443">Scott Thorson</a>.

Public Enemies
director：Michael Mann
ratings：7
despcriptions:The Feds try to take down notorious American gangsters John Dillinger, Baby Face Nelson and Pretty Boy Floyd during a booming crime wave in the 1930s.

Julie & Julia
director：Nora Ephron
ratings：7
despcriptions:Julia Child's story of her start in the cooking profession is intertwined with blogger Julie Powell's 2002 challenge to cook all the recipes in Child's first book.

Big Eyes
director：Tim Burton
ratings：7
despcriptions:A drama about the awakening of painter <a href="/name/nm6984794">Margaret Keane</a>, her phenomenal success in the 1950s, and the subsequent legal difficulties she had with her husband, who claimed credit for her works in the 1960s.

Foxcatcher
director：Bennett Miller
ratings：7
despcriptions:U.S. Olympic wrestling champions and brothers <a href="/name/nm4600123">Mark Schultz</a> and <a href="/name/nm7727721">Dave Schultz</a> join "Team Foxcatcher", led by eccentric multi-millionaire <a href="/name/nm7727720">John du Pont</a>, as they train for the 1988 Olympic Games in Seoul, South Korea, but John's self-destructive behavior threatens to consume them all.

The Dirt
director：Jeff Tremaine
ratings：7
despcriptions:Based on the bestselling autobiography from Mötley Crüe, the film is an unflinching tale of success and excess as four misfits rise from the streets of Hollywood to the heights of international fame.

Charlie Wilson's War
director：Mike Nichols
ratings：7
despcriptions:A drama based on a Texas congressman Charlie Wilson's covert dealings in Afghanistan, where his efforts to assist rebels in their war with the Soviets have some unforeseen and long-reaching effects.

Find Me Guilty
director：Sidney Lumet
ratings：7
despcriptions:In the late 1980s, a low level gangster named Jackie DiNorscio defends himself in court in what became the longest criminal trial in American judicial history.

Jarhead
director：Sam Mendes
ratings：7
despcriptions:A psychological study of operations desert shield and desert storm during the gulf war; through the eyes of a U.S marine sniper who struggles to cope with the possibility his girlfriend may be cheating on him back home.

Breach
director：Billy Ray
ratings：7
despcriptions:FBI upstart Eric O'Neill enters into a power game with his boss, Robert Hanssen, an agent who was put on trial for selling secrets to the Soviet Union.

Kinsey
director：Bill Condon
ratings：7
despcriptions:A look at the life of Alfred Kinsey, a pioneer in the area of human sexuality research, whose 1948 publication "Sexual Behavior in the Human Male" was one of the first recorded works that saw science address sexual behavior.

Bobby
director：Emilio Estevez
ratings：7
despcriptions:The story of the assassination of U.S. Senator <a href="/name/nm0448305">Robert F. Kennedy</a>, who was shot in the early morning hours of June 5, 1968 in the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles, California, and twenty-two people in the hotel, whose lives were never the same.

Confessions of a Dangerous Mind
director：George Clooney
ratings：7
despcriptions:An adaptation of the cult memoir of game show impresario Chuck Barris (Sam Rockwell), in which he purports to have been a C.I.A. hitman.

Pollock
director：Ed Harris
ratings：7
despcriptions:A film about the life and career of the American painter, Jackson Pollock.

Kundun
director：Martin Scorsese
ratings：7
despcriptions:From childhood to adulthood, Tibet's fourteenth Dalai Lama deals with Chinese oppression and other problems.

Dragon: The Bruce Lee Story
director：Rob Cohen
ratings：7
despcriptions:A fictionalized account of the life of the martial arts superstar.

Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer
director：John McNaughton
ratings：7
despcriptions:Henry, a drifter, commits a series of brutal murders, supposedly operating with impunity.

Sid and Nancy
director：Alex Cox
ratings：7
despcriptions:The relationship between <a href="/name/nm0895965">Sid Vicious</a>, bassist for British punk group <a href="/name/nm1797465">Sex Pistols</a>, and his girlfriend <a href="/name/nm0819914">Nancy Spungen</a> is portrayed.

Cleopatra
director：Joseph L. Mankiewicz
ratings：7
despcriptions:Queen Cleopatra VII of Egypt experiences both triumph and tragedy as she attempts to resist the imperial ambitions of Rome.

Judy
director：Rupert Goold
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:Legendary performer <a href="/name/nm0000023">Judy Garland</a> (<a href="/name/nm0000250">Renée Zellweger</a>) arrives in London in the winter of 1968 to perform a series of sold-out concerts.

Boy Erased
director：Joel Edgerton
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:The son of a Baptist preacher is forced to participate in a church-supported gay conversion program after being forcibly outed to his parents.

Outlaw King
director：David Mackenzie
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:A true David vs. Goliath story of how the 14th century Scottish 'Outlaw King' Robert the Bruce used cunning and bravery to defeat the much larger and better equipped occupying English army.

Stronger
director：David Gordon Green
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:Stronger is the inspiring real life story of Jeff Bauman, an ordinary man who captured the hearts of his city and the world to become a symbol of hope after surviving the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing.

Legend
director：Brian Helgeland
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:Identical twin gangsters Ronald and Reginald Kray terrorize London during the 1960s.

The 33
director：Patricia Riggen
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:Based on the real-life event, when a gold and copper mine collapses, it traps 33 miners underground for 69 days.

The Highwaymen
director：John Lee Hancock
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:The untold true story of the legendary detectives who brought down Bonnie and Clyde.

In the Heart of the Sea
director：Ron Howard
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:A recounting of a New England whaling ship's sinking by a giant whale in 1820, an experience that later inspired the great novel Moby-Dick.

Black Mass
director：Scott Cooper
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:The true story of Whitey Bulger, the brother of a state senator and the most infamous violent criminal in the history of South Boston, who became an FBI informant to take down a Mafia family invading his turf.

Kill the Messenger
director：Michael Cuesta
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:Journalist Gary Webb, California 1996, started investigating CIA's role in the 1980s in getting crack cocaine to the black part of LA to get money and weapons to the Contras/freedom fighters in Nicaragua.

Free State of Jones
director：Gary Ross
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:A disillusioned Confederate army deserter returns to Mississippi and leads a militia of fellow deserters and women in an uprising against the corrupt local Confederate government.

The Duchess
director：Saul Dibb
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:A chronicle of the life of 18th-century aristocrat Georgiana, Duchess of Devonshire, who was reviled for her extravagant political and personal life.

Miss Potter
director：Chris Noonan
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:The story of Beatrix Potter (Renée Zellweger), the author of the beloved and best-selling children's book, "The Tale of Peter Rabbit", and her struggle for love, happiness, and success.

Goya's Ghosts
director：Milos Forman
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:Painter Francisco Goya faces a scandal involving his muse, who is labeled a heretic by a monk.

Alpha Dog
director：Nick Cassavetes
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:Johnny and a couple pals kidnap Jake's 15-year-old brother, Zach, then assigns his buddy Frankie to be Zach's minder. They develop a brotherly friendship. Zach parties with his captors as things begin to spin out of control.

Gridiron Gang
director：Phil Joanou
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:Teenagers at a juvenile detention center, under the leadership of their counselor, gain self-esteem by playing football together.

The Stanford Prison Experiment
director：Kyle Patrick Alvarez
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:In 1971, twenty-four male students are selected to take on randomly assigned roles of prisoners and guards in a mock prison situated in the basement of the Stanford psychology building.

Che: Part Two
director：Steven Soderbergh
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:In 1967, Ernesto 'Che' Guevara leads a small partisan army to fight an ill-fated revolutionary guerrilla war in Bolivia, South America.

I'm Not There
director：Todd Haynes
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:Ruminations on the life of <a href="/name/nm0001168">Bob Dylan</a>, where six characters embody a different aspect of the musician's life and work.

Girl with a Pearl Earring
director：Peter Webber
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:A young peasant maid working in the house of painter Johannes Vermeer becomes his talented assistant and the model for one of his most famous works.

Radio
director：Michael Tollin
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:The story of a high school coach and the developmentally challenged man who he took under his wing.

Bully
director：Larry Clark
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:A pack of naïve teenagers conspire to murder a mutual friend, whose aggressive demeanor has proved too much.

Private Parts
director：Betty Thomas
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:The autobiographical story of Howard Stern, the radio rebel who is now also a TV personality, an author and a movie star.

Rob Roy
director：Michael Caton-Jones
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:In 1713 Scotland, Rob Roy MacGregor is wronged by a nobleman and his nephew, becomes an outlaw in search of revenge while fleeing the Redcoats, and faces charges of being a Jacobite.

La Bamba
director：Luis Valdez
ratings：6.9
despcriptions:Biographical story of the rise from nowhere of early rock and roll singer <a href="/name/nm0884023">Ritchie Valens</a> who died at age 17 in a plane crash with <a href="/name/nm0391398">Buddy Holly</a> and <a href="/name/nm2198840">The Big Bopper</a>.

Bombshell
director：Jay Roach
ratings：6.8
despcriptions:A group of women take on Fox News head <a href="/name/nm0014614">Roger Ailes</a> and the toxic atmosphere he presided over at the network.

Victoria & Abdul
director：Stephen Frears
ratings：6.8
despcriptions:Queen Victoria strikes up an unlikely friendship with a young Indian clerk named Abdul Karim.

All the Money in the World
director：Ridley Scott
ratings：6.8
despcriptions:The story of the kidnapping of 16-year-old <a href="/name/nm0315263">John Paul Getty III</a> and the desperate attempt by his devoted mother to convince his billionaire grandfather <a href="/name/nm1535011">Jean Paul Getty</a> to pay the ransom.

Florence Foster Jenkins
director：Stephen Frears
ratings：6.8
despcriptions:The story of Florence Foster Jenkins, a New York heiress who dreamed of becoming an opera singer, despite having a terrible singing voice.

Jersey Boys
director：Clint Eastwood
ratings：6.8
despcriptions:The story of four young men from the wrong side of the tracks in New Jersey who came together to form the iconic 1960s rock group <a href="/name/nm1797921">The Four Seasons</a>.

Bernie
director：Richard Linklater
ratings：6.8
despcriptions:In small-town Texas, an affable mortician strikes up a friendship with a wealthy widow, though when she starts to become controlling, he goes to great lengths to separate himself from her grasp.

Machine Gun Preacher
director：Marc Forster
ratings：6.8
despcriptions:<a href="/name/nm4699709">Sam Childers</a> is a former drug-dealing biker tough guy who found God and became a crusader for hundreds of Sudanese children who've been forced to become soldiers.

The Iceman
director：Ariel Vromen
ratings：6.8
despcriptions:The story of Richard Kuklinski, the notorious contract killer and family man. When finally arrested in 1986, neither his wife nor daughters had any clue about his real profession.

Fair Game
director：Doug Liman
ratings：6.8
despcriptions:CIA operative Valerie Plame discovers her identity is allegedly leaked by the government as payback for an op-ed article her husband wrote criticizing the Bush administration.

Hitchcock
director：Sacha Gervasi
ratings：6.8
despcriptions:The relationship between <a href="/name/nm0000033">Alfred Hitchcock</a> and his wife <a href="/name/nm0720904">Alma Reville</a> during the filming of <a href="/title/tt0054215">Psycho</a> (1960) in 1959 is explored.

Elizabeth: The Golden Age
director：Shekhar Kapur
ratings：6.8
despcriptions:A mature Queen Elizabeth endures multiple crises late in her reign including court intrigues, an assassination plot, the Spanish Armada, and romantic disappointments.

Ali
director：Michael Mann
ratings：6.8
despcriptions:A biography of sports legend <a href="/name/nm0000738">Muhammad Ali</a>, focusing on his triumphs and controversies between 1964 and 1974.

Patch Adams
director：Tom Shadyac
ratings：6.8
despcriptions:The true story of a heroic man, Hunter "Patch" Adams, determined to become a medical doctor because he enjoys helping people. He ventured where no doctor had ventured before, using humour and pathos.

Bloodsport
director：Newt Arnold
ratings：6.8
despcriptions:Follows Frank Dux, an American martial artist serving in the military, who decides to leave the army to compete in a martial arts tournament in Hong Kong where fights to the death can occur.

Battle of the Sexes
director：Greg McLean
ratings：6.7
despcriptions:The true story of the 1973 tennis match between World number one <a href="/name/nm0973361">Billie Jean King</a> and ex-champ and serial hustler <a href="/name/nm0726677">Bobby Riggs</a>.

The Old Man & the Gun
director：David Lowery
ratings：6.7
despcriptions:Based on the true story of Forrest Tucker and his audacious escape from San Quentin at the age of 70 to an unprecedented string of heists that confounded authorities and enchanted the public.

Jackie
director：Pablo Larraín
ratings：6.7
despcriptions:Following the assassination of President <a href="/name/nm0448123">John F. Kennedy</a>, First Lady <a href="/name/nm0448080">Jacqueline Kennedy</a> fights through grief and trauma to regain her faith, console her children, and define her husband's historic legacy.

Taking Woodstock
director：Ang Lee
ratings：6.7
despcriptions:A man working at his parents' motel in the Catskills inadvertently sets in motion the generation-defining concert in the summer of 1969.

Coco avant Chanel
director：Anne Fontaine
ratings：6.7
despcriptions:The story of Coco Chanel's rise from obscure beginnings to the heights of the fashion world.

The Soloist
director：Joe Wright
ratings：6.7
despcriptions:A newspaper journalist discovers a homeless musical genius and tries to improve his situation.

Notorious
director：George Tillman Jr.
ratings：6.7
despcriptions:The life and death story of <a href="/name/nm0857263">The Notorious B.I.G.</a> (a.k.a. Christopher Wallace), who came straight out of Brooklyn to take the world of rap music by storm.

The Other Boleyn Girl
director：Justin Chadwick
ratings：6.7
despcriptions:Two sisters contend for the affection of King Henry VIII.

The New World
director：Terrence Malick
ratings：6.7
despcriptions:The story of the English exploration of Virginia, and of the changing world and loves of Pocahontas.

Hidalgo
director：Joe Johnston
ratings：6.7
despcriptions:In 1890, a down-and-out cowboy and his horse travel to Arabia to compete in a deadly cross desert horse race.

Wyatt Earp
director：Lawrence Kasdan
ratings：6.7
despcriptions:The story of Wyatt Earp as he interacts and battles other famous figures of the Wild West era.

Adrift
director：Baltasar Kormákur
ratings：6.6
despcriptions:A true story of survival, as a young couple's chance encounter leads them first to love, and then on the adventure of a lifetime as they face one of the most catastrophic hurricanes in recorded history.

Operation Finale
director：Chris Weitz
ratings：6.6
despcriptions:A team of secret agents set out to track down the Nazi officer who masterminded the Holocaust.

Whiskey Tango Foxtrot
director：Joe Berlinger
ratings：6.6
despcriptions:A journalist recounts her wartime coverage in Afghanistan.

Yi dai zong shi
director：Kar-Wai Wong
ratings：6.6
despcriptions:The story of martial-arts master Ip Man, the man who trained Bruce Lee.

The Lost City of Z
director：James Gray
ratings：6.6
despcriptions:A true-life drama, centering on British explorer Major Percival Fawcett, who disappeared whilst searching for a mysterious city in the Amazon in the 1920s.

I Love You Phillip Morris
director：Michael Winterbottom
ratings：6.6
despcriptions:A cop turns con man once he comes out of the closet. Once imprisoned, he meets the second love of his life, whom he'll stop at nothing to be with.

Imperium
director：Daniel Ragussis
ratings：6.5
despcriptions:A young FBI agent, eager to prove himself in the field, goes undercover as a white supremacist.

J. Edgar
director：Clint Eastwood
ratings：6.5
despcriptions:J. Edgar Hoover, powerful head of the F.B.I. for nearly fifty years, looks back on his professional and personal life.

Kill Your Darlings
director：John Krokidas
ratings：6.5
despcriptions:A murder in 1944 draws together the great poets of the beat generation: Allen Ginsberg, Jack Kerouac, and William Burroughs.

The Runaways
director：Floria Sigismondi
ratings：6.5
despcriptions:A coming-of-age biographical film about the 1970s teenage all-girl rock band <a href="/name/nm3053638">The Runaways</a>. The relationship between band members <a href="/name/nm0192947">Cherie Currie</a> and <a href="/name/nm0005053">Joan Jett</a> is also explored.

Hollywoodland
director：Allen Coulter
ratings：6.5
despcriptions:A detective examines the mysterious death of <a href="/name/nm0001660">George Reeves</a>, the star of the television series <a href="/title/tt0044231">Adventures of Superman</a> (1952).

Riding in Cars with Boys
director：Penny Marshall
ratings：6.5
despcriptions:A single mother, with dreams of becoming a writer, has a son at the age of 15 in 1965, and goes through a failed marriage with the drug-addicted father.

Dangerous Minds
director：John N. Smith
ratings：6.5
despcriptions:An ex-Marine turned teacher struggles to connect with her students in an inner city school.

1492: Conquest of Paradise
director：Ridley Scott
ratings：6.5
despcriptions:Christopher Columbus' discovery of the Americas and the effect this has on the indigenous people.

Compliance
director：Craig Zobel
ratings：6.4
despcriptions:A normal Friday service at a fast food restaurant becomes interrupted by a police officer who claims an employee stole from a customer, but something more sinister is going on.

A Dangerous Method
director：David Cronenberg
ratings：6.4
despcriptions:A look at how the intense relationship between Carl Jung and Sigmund Freud gives birth to psychoanalysis.

The Informant!
director：Steven Soderbergh
ratings：6.4
despcriptions:The U.S. government decides to go after an agro-business giant with a price-fixing accusation, based on the evidence submitted by their star witness, vice president-turned-informant Mark Whitacre.

The Iron Lady
director：Phyllida Lloyd
ratings：6.4
despcriptions:An elderly <a href="/name/nm0857137">Margaret Thatcher</a> talks to the imagined presence of her recently deceased husband as she struggles to come to terms with his death while scenes from her past life, from girlhood to British prime minister, intervene.

How to Lose Friends & Alienate People
director：Robert B. Weide
ratings：6.4
despcriptions:A British writer struggles to fit in at a high-profile magazine in New York City.

Marie Antoinette
director：Sofia Coppola
ratings：6.4
despcriptions:The retelling of France's iconic but ill-fated queen, Marie Antoinette. From her betrothal and marriage to Louis XVI at 15 to her reign as queen at 19 and to the end of her reign as queen, and ultimately the fall of Versailles.

Joan of Arc
director：Luc Besson
ratings：6.4
despcriptions:A young girl receives a vision that drives her to rid France of its oppressors.

Mary Queen of Scots
director：Josie Rourke
ratings：6.3
despcriptions:Mary Stuart's (Saoirse Ronan's) attempt to overthrow her cousin Elizabeth I (Margot Robbie), Queen of England, finds her condemned to years of imprisonment before facing execution.

W.
director：Oliver Stone
ratings：6.3
despcriptions:A chronicle of the life and Presidency of <a href="/name/nm0124133">George W. Bush</a>.

The Libertine
director：Laurence Dunmore
ratings：6.3
despcriptions:The story of John Wilmot, a.k.a. the Earl of Rochester, a 17th century poet who famously drank and debauched his way to an early grave, only to earn posthumous critical acclaim for his life's work.

Evita
director：Alan Parker
ratings：6.3
despcriptions:The hit musical based on the life of Evita Duarte, a B-picture Argentinian actress who eventually became the wife of Argentinian president Juan Perón, and the most beloved and hated woman in Argentina.

The Fifth Estate
director：Bill Condon
ratings：6.2
despcriptions:A dramatic thriller based on real events that reveals the quest to expose the deceptions and corruptions of power that turned an Internet upstart into the 21st century's most fiercely debated organization.

